human monk 

Plan:
	Asymmetric dual wielding(Khopesh[temple sword]/Sai) plus thrown weapons
	Dex > Wis > Cha > other


Backstory:
	Fourth son of a minor landowning family, he was somewhat neglected as a child. Never destined for anything in particular due to his low place in line. However, when his 2nd oldest and 3rd oldest brothers went missing on a trip to a neighboring village, he was sent to train to become a monk and take a position of power in his town. But after just a year in training, his brothers returned and he was demoted again. Nevertheless, he completed his training. Now, trained as a monk, he looks for purpose by wandering and adventuring. 


Proficiencies: 
	club, cbow, dagger, handaxe, javelin, kama, nunchaku, quaterstaff, sai, shortspear, short sword, shuriken, siangham, sling and spear. No armor or shields. 
AC Bonus: 
	while unarmored and unencumbered, gains WIS to AC and CMD, as well as 1+ to AC and CMD every 4 level
Flurry of Blows (Ex): 
	Starting at 1st level, a monk can make a flurry of blows as a full-attack action. When doing so he may make one additional attack, taking a -2 penalty on all of his attack rolls, as if using the Two-Weapon Fighting feat. These attacks can be any combination of unarmed strikes and attacks with a monk special weapon (he does not need to use two weapons to utilize this ability). For the purpose of these attacks, the monk’s base attack bonus from his monk class levels is equal to his monk level. For all other purposes, such as qualifying for a feat or a prestige class, the monk uses his normal base attack bonus.

Stunning Fist (Combat)
	You know just where to strike to temporarily stun a foe. Prerequisites: Dex 13, Wis 13, Improved Unarmed Strike,
	base attack bonus +8.
	Benefit: You must declare that you are using this feat
	before you make your attack roll (thus, a failed attack roll ruins the attempt). Stunning Fist forces a foe damaged by your unarmed attack to make a Fortitude saving throw (DC 10 + 1/2 your character level + your Wis modifier), in addition to dealing damage normally. A defender who fails this saving throw is stunned for 1 round (until just before your next turn). A stunned character drops everything held, can’t take actions, loses any Dexterity bonus to AC, and takes a –2 penalty to AC. You may attempt a stunning attack once per day for every four levels you have attained (but see Special), and no more than once per round. Constructs, oozes, plants, undead, incorporeal creatures, and creatures immune to critical hits cannot be stunned.